Refactor trio-binning (#746)
genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo: docs/usage.md

| `sample`      | Custom sample name, cannot contain spaces.                                                                                        |
| `file`        | Absolute path to a BAM or gzipped FASTQ file. File has to have the extension ".fastq.gz", .fq.gz" or ".bam".                      |
| `family_id`   | Family ID must be provided and cannot contain spaces. If no family ID is available use the same ID as sample.                     |
| `paternal_id` | Paternal ID must be provided and cannot contain spaces. If no paternal ID is available, use 0.                                    |
| `maternal_id` | Maternal ID must be provided and cannot contain spaces. If no maternal ID is available, use 0.                                    |
| `sex`         | Sex must be provided as 0, 1 or 2 (0=unknown; 1=male; 2=female). If sex is unknown it will be assigned automatically if possible. |
| `phenotype`   | Affected status of patient (0 = missing; 1=unaffected; 2=affected).                                                               |

!!!tip "Multiple files per sample"

>     If you have multiple files per sample these can be added on separate rows. Keeping all columns except `file` identical for each sample. These will be merged after alignment or before assembly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have multiple files per sample, they can be added on separate rows. Keep all columns except `file` identical for each sample. The files will be merged after alignment or before assembly.
```
I thought the phrasing here was a bit weird.

#### Assembly

This step assembles genomes and aligns them to a referece genome. The assemblies are then mapped to the reference genome, merged and haplotagged.

> By default, a pair of haplotype-resolved assemblies are generated using hifiasm with [trio-binning](https://hifiasm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/trio-assembly.html) for samples where parental reads are available, otherwise they are assembled using a [hifi-only](https://hifiasm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pa-assembly.html) approach. If you don't wish to use trio-binning, this can be turned off by setting `--hifiasm_mode` to `hifi-only`.

Reviewer: I guess the proper way would be to only assemble children with two parents. I don't think this is too urgent and can be a new issue. This PR is big enough already as it is.
